here are this week's top movies western
the Kings montañés shop in London after
their headquarters is destroyed British
spies team up with their American
counterparts in Kingsman the Golden
Circle I'm taking a solemn oath to form
the secret ninja force in the lego
ninjago movie six teenaged ninjas must
come of age while defending their Island
home dad
the Lloyd that's right in battle of the
sexes tennis great Billie Jean King
takes on male chauvinist pig Bobby Riggs
in a match for the ages see what's hot
in theaters with this week's fan tissa
patient
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]